README.md, before:

# ✂️ Abhi Tailors – Tailoring Website

A responsive and modern tailoring website designed for **Abhi Tailors**, showcasing custom stitching services, gallery, and contact details.

## 🌟 Features

- Responsive design (Desktop, Tablet & Mobile)
- Fixed navigation bar with mobile menu
- Hero section with call-to-action buttons
- About section with services list
- Services showcase with images
- Gallery section
- Contact form
- Clean UI with custom color palette

🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3** (Flexbox, Media Queries)
- **JavaScript** (Mobile menu toggle)
- **Font Awesome** (Icons)
- **Google Fonts**
- 
 📂 Project Structure

Abhi-Tailors/
│
├── index.html
├── style.css
├── index.js
├── assets/
│ ├── images
│ └── icons

└── README.md
🚀 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/abhi-tailors.git
Open the folder:

bash
Copy code
cd abhi-tailors
Open index.html in your browser

👩‍🎨 Designed & Developed By
Abhi Tailors Website
Crafted with ❤️ for showcasing tailoring excellence

📜 License
This project is for learning and small business use.
Feel free to customize it.

Commit message:

Update README with live demo and project info
Added live demo link and enhanced project details.

README.md, after:

# ✂️ Abhi Tailors – Tailoring Website

A responsive and modern tailoring website designed for **Abhi Tailors**, showcasing custom stitching services, gallery, and contact details.

## 🌐 Live Demo

The website is live and accessible at:  
**https://abhitailors.netlify.app**

Feel free to explore the design, services, and gallery.
## 🌟 Features

- Responsive design (Desktop, Tablet & Mobile)
- Fixed navigation bar with mobile menu
- Hero section with call-to-action buttons
- About section with services list
- Services showcase with images
- Gallery section
- Contact form
- Clean UI with custom color palette

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **HTML5**
- **CSS3** (Flexbox, Media Queries)
- **JavaScript** (Mobile menu toggle)
- **Font Awesome** (Icons)
- **Google Fonts**
- 
 ## 📂 Project Structure

Abhi-Tailors/
│
├── index.html
├── style.css
├── index.js
├── assets/
│ ├── images
│ └── icons

└── README.md
## 🚀 How to Run Locally

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/abhi-tailors.git
Open the folder:

bash
Copy code
cd abhi-tailors
Open index.html in your browser

## 👩‍🎨 Designed & Developed By
Abhi Tailors Website
Crafted with ❤️ for showcasing tailoring excellence

## 📜 License
This project is for learning and small business use.
Feel free to customize it.
